# A Small End-to-End Project with Tittle  "Classification of iris flowers". 
In this post, you will complete your small  machine learning project using Python.

In this you have to follow these steps in order:
Equipment And Instalation:
      1: Download and install Python SciPy and get the most useful package for machine learning in Python.
      2: Load a dataset and understand it’s structure using statistical summaries and data visualization.
      3: Create 6 machine learning models, pick the best and build confidence that the accuracy is reliable.
How Do You Start Machine Learning in Python:
    Python is a popular and powerful interpreted language. Unlike R, Python is a complete language and platform that 
    you can use for both research and development and developing production systems.

There are also a lot of modules and libraries to choose from, providing multiple ways to do each task. It can feel overwhelming.

The best way to get started using Python for machine learning is to complete a project.

It will force you to install and start the Python interpreter.
It will give you confidence, maybe to go on to your own small projects.


A machine learning project has a number of well known steps:
1-Define Problem.
2-Prepare Data.
3-Evaluate Algorithms.
4-Improve Results.
5-Present Results.

 Let's Start a small project named as "Classification of iris flowers" of Machine Learning.
 This is a small but best project  to learn understand the way of to do Machine Learning Project with Python.
Attributes  of this project are numeric so you have to figure out how to load and handle data.
It is a classification problem, allowing you to practice with perhaps an easier type of supervised learning algorithm.
It is a multi-class classification problem (multi-nominal) that may require some specialized handling.
It only has 4 attributes and 150 rows, meaning it is small and easily fits into memory (and a screen or A4 page).
All of the numeric attributes are in the same units and the same scale, not requiring any special scaling or transforms to get started.



 LETS START:
 In this section, we are going to work through a small machine learning project end-to-end.

Here is an overview of what we are going to cover:

Installing the Python and SciPy platform.
Loading the dataset.
Summarizing the dataset.
Visualizing the dataset.
Evaluating some algorithms.
Making some predictions.
Take your time. Work through each step.

Try to type in the commands yourself or copy-and-paste the commands to speed things up.
